RL on Eagle tutorial (#69)
NREL/HPC: languages/python/openai_rllib/README.md

# Create Anaconda environment

This repo is a tutorial for installing and using OpenAI Gym on Eagle, as well as running experiments on single/multiple cores and nodes.

> Below are the basic steps for creating a dedicated Anaconda environment that you will use for all your experiments. Note that this environment will contain only some basic packages, but you can always installmore packages depending on your needs (please see at the bottom of this README file).

Reviewer: typo...

```suggestion
Below are the basic steps for creating a dedicated Anaconda environment that you will use for all your experiments. Note that this environment will contain only some basic packages, but you can always install additional packages depending on your needs (please see at the bottom of this README file).
```

Author: OK, addressed

If you have any questions, you can email us in the following address:
* Erotokritos Skordilis: Erotokritos.Skordilis@nrel.gov

## 1<sup>st</sup> step: Logging in on Eagle

Login on Eagle with:
```
ssh eagle
```
or
```
ssh <username>@eagle.hpc.nrel.gov
```

## 2<sup>nd</sup> step: Set up Anaconda environment

> Use the `env_example.yml` file to create the new Anaconda environment. You can install the environment to the directory of your choosing. There are three main directories on Eagle where you can install the new environment, namely `/home`, `/scratch`, and `/projects`. Depending on your needs, you have to choose one of these three. For more information regarding installing your new environment and the different Eagle directories, please see [here](https://nrel.github.io/HPC/languages/python/NREL_python.html) and [here](https://nrel.github.io/HPC/languages/python/conda.html).

Reviewer: It is generally best to create [links that are descriptive]() instead of linking the "[here]()" (blank link examples).

I'll be sure to add this to the style guide!

Author: Good idea, thank you! Changed

# Create Anaconda environment

This repo is a tutorial for installing and using OpenAI Gym on Eagle, as well as running experiments on single/multiple cores and nodes.

Below are the basic steps for creating a dedicated Anaconda environment that you will use for all your experiments. Note that this environment will contain only some basic packages, but you can always augment it by installing further packages (please see at the bottom of this README file). See below for further details.

If you have any questions, you can email us in the following addresses:

> * Kevin Sayers: Kevin.Sayers@nrel.gov

Reviewer 2: I think we can drop my address as you are the expert. I would just point people to you anyways!

Author: Okay, that works although WEs asked me to put you as a collaborator on the repo, so I thought it good to put your address in the README as well. Anyway, I will remove it for now but if you want later, I will put it back.

* Erotokritos Skordilis: Erotokritos.Skordilis@nrel.gov

## 1<sup>st</sup> step: Logging in on Eagle

Login on Eagle with:
```
ssh eagle
```
or
```

> ssh <username>@el1.hpc.nrel.gov

Author: Checked!

```

## 2<sup>nd</sup> step: Set up Anaconda environment

> Use the `env_example.yml` file to create the new Anaconda environment. You can do it to a directory of your choosing. There are three main directories on Eagle where you can install the new environment, namely `/home`, `/scratch`, and `/projects`. Depending on your needs, you have to choose one of these three. For more information regarding installing your new environment and the different Eagle directories, please see [here](https://nrel.github.io/HPC/languages/python/NREL_python.html) and [here](https://nrel.github.io/HPC/languages/python/conda.html).

Author: Checked!
